Who are you calling brother?
Auntie, why are you here?
I will not come again
You're leaving with your good brother
He's really my brother.
It's just that I've been abroad before
Why are you not jealous?
I don't care.
You never called me brother anyway
By the way, why are you here?
Didn't grandma let you come with me?
Miss you
The most important person in my life
Without you
Nangong Group means nothing to me
My wife will depend on you to support me in the future
You also said
I haven't dealt with you about the memory loss before.
Wife
I was wrong.
The group shares are in my hands
If I don't sign
How did they take away the group?
You are so smart.
My dad before
Busy cheating
The group still relies on my mother's dowry
Just got through the crisis
And your help.
The group can achieve today's development
Unless I quit voluntarily
Otherwise, no one in the group can hear it.